chore(docs): Add Fast Refresh entry (#30133)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/glossary.md

### Hot module replacement

> A feature in use when you run `gatsby develop` that live updates your site on save of code in a text editor by automatically replacing modules, or chunks of code, in an open browser window. Gatsby uses [Fast Refresh](/docs/conceptual/fast-refresh/).

Author: ```suggestion
A feature in use when you run `gatsby develop` that live updates your site on save of code in a text editor by automatically replacing modules, or chunks of code, in an open browser window. Gatsby uses [Fast Refresh](/docs/reference/local-development/fast-refresh/).
```
